drivers: gps: deprecate the GPS driver (#5426)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/gps.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. note::

>    The GPS driver is deprecated since v1.7.0, use the `GNSS interface <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrfxlib/nrf_modem/doc/gnss_interface.html>`_ instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The GPS driver is deprecated since v1.7.0, use the :ref:`GNSS interface <nrfxlib:gnss_interface>`_ instead.
```

Author: Updated the link. I left out the name, because I think it should use the same "GNSS interface" name by default.

Reviewer: Good point!
